David Koh
Hilary Paisley
Liz Skerritt
Stephen Seo


Run "python Main.py" to start the application.

All assets were drawn by Liz (artwork) or sequenced by Stephen (music/sfx).

Scoring:

Player begins with 0 points.
Every time player attacks an enemy, he gains 50 points.
Player also accumlates points based on the time of level completion:
The time bonus will begin at 1200 points and every second the bonus will
decrease by 10.

To input a new high score, select "quit" after winning the game.

Assignment 7 Improvements:

Added another enemy (birds)
Extended the level with platform decisions
Spawning enemies all over the map
Dead Noel Sprite
Added EntryScreen with short story line
Created a new component based enemy spawning thing

Assignment 8 Improvements:

Added three enemies
    Bat, Stalactite, Slime
Added level three
(now there is level one and level three)
(Skipped level two for now)
Added music to level one
Added hit sound to enemies

Assignment 9 Improvements:

1. Backgrounds need more detail
--> Forest level backgrounds has more detail.

2. You hit multiple enemies at once, that is supposed to be a skill.
--> In World.py we added a boolean to the equipment item that hits the enemies
    to check whether an enemy is already damaged. The boolean is reset after
    the swing.

3. Fix the text in the plot cut scene thing screen I don't know.
--> Altered the text display in EntryScreen.py

4. High Score screen text issues.
--> Made the highscore screen only the 10 top scores by altering the loop when
    printing out the scores to the screen.

5. No text indicating what the health/mana levels are.
--> Added text indicators.

6. Edit level one spawn points (reduce number of spawns)
--> Number of mushrooms spawning in certain areas reduced, such as the "mushroom pit."

7. Reduce difficulty in level two (stalactites moved)
--> Moved stalactites that were difficult to avoid, and placed in more reasonable
    locations.

8. Make the jumps easier in level two
--> Difficulty reduced for platforming areas, platforms easier to jump to.

9. Get rid of unused imports in the files
--> Done, multiple files updated.

10. Collision with mini-sun is buggy.
--> Fixed collisions by using pygame.sprite.collide_rect


Assignment 10 improvements:

    added the third level (technically level four).
Has owl enemy, icicles.
currently available cheats: h heals, j wins level, b spawns snowboss.
Music for cave level and snow level
(two and three, or technically three and four).
cutscenes between levels.
Odd pep8 issue where it complains about too many '\',
but without the backslash it is impossible to avoid the
'line-over-79-chars-long' issue.

Assignment 11 improvements:

    added the fourth level (technically level two).
No mountain(two) level music yet.
Has vultures and rabbits as monsters.
Snowboss cheat removed.
Music for boss and boss level created.
Controller support is in, but not tested with a 360 controller yet.
        #self.Jcircle = pygame.draw.circle(Globals.SCREEN, self.blue, (250, 250), 10, 0)


Assignment 12 improvements:

    Addded music for level two, improvements everywhere.
Logs tell all. Logs tell all...
Cheats can only be used in debug mode. F1 to enable debug mode.
h - health
j - win level
o - get mini sun
p - print player pos
